Update aurora.md (#22839)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_postgres/aurora.md

{{% dbm-postgres-agent-config-examples %}}
## Install the RDS Integration

> To see infrastructure metrics from AWS such as CPU etc alongside the database telemtry directly in DBM, install the [RDS integration][11] and DBM will correlate automatically (optional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see infrastructure metrics from AWS, such as CPU, alongside the database telemetry directly in DBM, install the [RDS integration][11] (optional).
```
